OK, so we have our skeleton set up here to scaffold.
Let's see, we want to show a list of movies.
All right.
How do we do that?
Now, if you've done Android development before, you probably had to look at recycler fuel cycle view
is a widget that allows us to add lists into our application, right?
Scrollable lists and of course, in Android, in traditional Android development that requires adapters
and requires XML files to create the rows.
And there is a lot of moving parts, a lot of different things that you have to do in order to get a
list showing items.
But in composable, things are a little bit different.
In fact, there are a whole lot different.
And to create a list to create a recycle view in this case, we use a.
Function, a composable function called lazy column.
So let's see how that would work if we go back to our main content here.
Let me for now, let me just get rid of all of this.
We probably won't need that.
Let's just have text and I'm going to pass as a parameter here.
Let's go.
Pass it movie list as such, and it's going to be a list containing strings for now.
OK.
And this list, I said, is to list of perhaps a few elements here.
And first is going to be Avatar.
How about life?
I'm sure there are a lot of movies titled Life.
OK, so we have we're passing here a list, right as a parameter.
And inside here, we want to create a structure that will allow us to create a list, a scrollable list
of each one of these movies.
So a modifier here, I'm just going to say padding give about, well, that deep.
OK, so now inside of our column here, I'm going to call the lazy column function there composable.
OK.
And so in this case, here for the content, I'm just going to go ahead and pass in a trailing lambda.
And I'm going to see items now.
There are different methods we can call here or this item lambda.
There's item account.
We can pass each count if you want.
And I want this either one of these items, which allows us to pass a list of type T in this case could
be anything or array of type T.
I can also pass indexed items indexed and so forth.
So we have a lot of methods and functions we can use.
Let's use the items like that one.
Here, I'm going to pass items for our items.
I'm going to pass out a movie list and then it's a laugh, and then we have a to here.
Here is where we can then for each item that we are getting here on our list.
We can then call it, show it.
In this case, we're just going to put a text in to say it because we have this implicit variable that
is being passed there, which is it.
In this case, the string, because it knows items, is a list of strings.
Now, if I refresh this, we should see.
And they have it.
We have a list of strings.
So does it matter how many other items we add here?
If we refresh, you can see the list will keep growing.
So this looks great.
Now, if we were to run this on our emulator or on our device, we wouldn't really see the power that
we have here because we don't have as many items as we could have, so we wouldn't see this scrollable
effect happening.
But let's modify things here.
First of all, this is really boring with just passing text, creating a list of text, which is fine
in some cases.
But in this case, we can create some sort of a role that will represent each one of these items, each
one of these movies.
We can wrap this inside of yet another composable and we can structure what we want to see.
So what we can do?
Yes, you guessed it.
I'm going to create another composable at the bottom here.
Let's say at composable.
And let's call this fun.
Movie row now each row will need something, it will need an actual movie.
So for now, I'm just going to put here movie.
It's going to be just a string.
OK, because you see each one of these movies that we're getting here, it's going to be a string.
So this is going to be called.
We're going to call inside here and get the structure going.
So what is it that we want to do?
Well, we want to have a card.
So each one of these items, when we are calling the lazy column, it's going to go look through.
We want to create a nice card around each one of these titles and maybe add more UI components or widgets.
OK.
So I'm going to create a card.
I'm going to use a card because it has what I need.
So this passive modifier modifier, let's give her a padding of about four dpi all around and feel max
with like that.
And let's give it a height
of about 130 deep.
And we can give it a shape because it's a card, we can pass a shape, let's say rounded corners, shape
and we can see a corner passing the corner size radius.
It doesn't matter to see corner sizes.
I'm going to say 12 that deep, perhaps 16 to make it a little bit dramatic.
And we can pass elevation, right?
Say, six that deep to give that nice shadow and contrast.
OK, so inside here, this is where I'm going to then copy or pass the actual text for an album and
just pass this text that would say, what?
Well, he's going to say movie.
So just passing whatever strain we're getting.
So now this movie role, we can call each side of our lazy column.
Some say Movie Pro and expects the idea, which in this case, it's going to be a movie column.
So we'll get rid of that and we'll refresh once again.
And there you have it.
OK, let's make it a decent size and you can see we have that very nice structure.
OK, see, it has the border and it looks really nice.
Of course, the text is to the left and it's kind of not looking great.
So let's see what we can do.
Well, as you know, by now, you can do all sorts of things, for instance, to start with.
We can wrap this inside of a roll because we may want to add other items here, not just the title of
the movie, right?
So we can start customizing nothing new here.
So let's put a row, and I'm going to say the vertical alignment alignment.
I want a center vertically.
OK.
And then we want horizontal.
They want horizontal arrangement to say, I want this to start, so it will always be good to start
there.
Now I'm going to just get our text and add inside of our row.
And before that, we can say, Well, I want to add something else.
Perhaps we can add an image here or an icon, OK, we can do that.
Let's put it inside of a surface.
It's easy to manage and put a modifier.
Keep a padding of about 12 that deep.
And I'm going to give it an overall size of about 100 deep.
I'm going to pass a shape in this shape.
I'm going to make it rectangular or rectangle shape.
And give it another elevation here, can say about five deep.
OK.
All right, so what I want instead of a surface.
Well, for now, this passing icon, let's use the first option with image of Vector and four image
vector here.
I can't invoke the icons library, right?
And say default, and let's just say a count box so we can put whatever we want.
But for now, we're just going to add that so we can have some sort of a placeholder is also valuable
to visually impaired.
We need to pass a content description for image icons and so forth.
So in this case, I'm going to say image or may rather movie image.
There you go.
So let's go ahead and refresh this and see what's going to happen and what do you have?
Very nice.
So we have that very nice icon around it.
You can see there we have this nice square and the text is showing to the right of the title of the
movie.
Very nice.
Let's see if we can run this on an immolated or device.
All right.
So I'm running on my device.
And I can see I have this very nice application with all of these rows that we just created.
And the beauty here again, if I go up here and add a few more items in our list.
Let's see.
Hmm.
Let's go ahead and rerun this.
OK, there we go.
And voila, it's a scrollable view and we have a list, and I'm going to look at my app here.
You can see it's very smooth and.
They'd have it.
Just like that, we're able to put together a list of in this case, movies could be anything.
And on top of that, we were able to create a row easily that would feed the actual movie title and
it's out of this role.
We can do whatever we want.
We can customize it.
We added a card because that's what we like.
We put a row instead of this row.
We have a surface where we have this icon and then we have the text.
The actual movie title.
And there you have it.
The important thing here to notice is that we passed, we created this composable row, which is called
inside of a lazy column, which of course, we are calling it inside of a main content composable.
And then we're passing this movie list.
We're just passing some data at this point.
And then, of course, the lazy column takes that list and invokes the multiple row and passes in that
data.
And just like that, you can see that we have the scrollable list of movies.